 according to the islamic republic of98, there must be no tax on the duty of the british people who have to pay tax.
 the provisions of the convention to incorporate the provisions of the convention, or in accordance with article 4 of the convention, shall be implemented in order to be implemented.
 during the first quarter of 1993, the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 could be chenned.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the phase ii phase is required to determine the basis of grades as a basis for remuneration.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, price prices may also continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the vacancy rate in the market stalls at shopping centres and street stall stalls in the last 5 years is now the highest.
 the most difficult situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult to predictions, since the assumption that there is a major change in the current year.
 it is necessary to take care of the intentions of the country, not instruments.
 one spokesperson said that the occupying forces had stayed for long periods for long periods.
 some of us believe that this action would not be any other.
 this is useful to member states about the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 in january 1996, the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996.
 states parties are the most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in their own country.
 it has signed its power, therefore, legality and fact that it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who are those who those who are those who are those who are those who have been the united nations security council have been the united nations security council.
 it is impossible for parents to leave the responsibility to the school and the teacher.
 " it is now very pleasure to see that one country, two systems ' implementation, and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the 21 group, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must avoid competition with private property market competition and to maintain a difference between the two.
 we explored a thorough analysis of the united nations system with close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by a 800.
 if a person is to be secured, the person must pay at least appropriate attention to prevent the use of the device.
 it also carried out an international e-commerce network throughout the country and was conducted in october 1998.
 in 1996, the increase in the gross domestic product of the gross domestic product was increased from 4.9% to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to visit the first visit to visit china, the woman and hamburg will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile signed a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996 by the government of chile on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons set out in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers transport costs in principle is not compensable.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly for consultation with the president of the general assembly.
 the problems faced by the two countries and the governments of the republic of belarus, as well as the regular budget of the regular budget, has led to an expeditious contribution to the organization.
 india attended the delegation of the panel on patent registration disputes between india and the united states.
 the dr. huang's sheng-children's jurin's university of the university of the university, mr. surison, decided to choose the same.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the state will not be any benefit.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the introduction of the establishment of the establishment of the establishment and services of the country.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of the internet payment should be registered to the relevant banks.
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed gratitude to the marine department's marine department staff, and other interested parties expressed their gratitude.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a number of preconditions for some of these groups.
 no. 8 tropical cyclone warnings from 10.30 am, from 10.30 am, is gradually returning to normal.
 this was partly attributable to the draft for the preparation of the preparation of the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really hoping to address these problems.
 the official language included english, russian, french, spanish, spanish, and this year also includes romanian.
 in the trading transactions conducted by the hong kong accreditation agency, hong kong recognised 16 per cent and 10 per cent of local non-financing clients.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey quarters.
 it is essential to seek results, which is feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the man was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a concern for humanitarian relief to humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has made an appeal to the court, so he was sentenced to the french france.
 the slowdown in the economic slowdown in these countries has led to adverse effects on the promotion of economic progress and social stability.
 it is 1 and seven days.
 these postist countries, through the united nations, have entered the world, and with interaction between the north and west.
 3, special emphasis was placed on local, business and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to enable information technology to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 " i don't know what he said: " i don't know the sword. "
 (15) there is an international perspective.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 chinese ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-information measure was effective.
 chile agrees that the deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces in the united nations peace-keeping forces could be able to prevent the error of the error of violence.
 at this critical juncture, however, it is important that the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize its enemy.
 i would like to hope that the administration can make a better dialogue with different voices.
 a speaker in africa, a spokesman for the african group, praised unifem's efforts to evaluate the evaluation proposals.
 the chinese government intends to start in early next year, with the establishment of 13 coal ".
 at the end of the year, the old town of the old town has been moving step by step by step by step.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit cards of the recognition of the creditors.
 in our country, arabic is the 2 official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of the representative shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the publication are enriched by a number of people concerned about the social and economic spheres of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states indicate that they had a tendency to increase the permanent and permanent membership of the council.
 customers can be purchased in the first six months of the special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph wong, and the officials of the bureau and the education department.
 in 1971, hong kong's relationship was found in the society.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and electoral activities may not be easy to determine the impact of the judges.
 the states of the south pacific states of the south pacific states that the united nations states plan to resume the resumption of the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozer has been pushed by bull bulldollers, in many cases or even residents.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officers, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peace-keeping personnel and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i went to belgium that we are to contact the relevant people of europe.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and peaceful protection and implementation of the concept of peace and implementation.
 such a way can be used to provide a genuine responsibility to identify real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the president of the co-chairmen of the joint president of the joint president.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the national process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the israeli troops and the home suffered from the israeli army to stop the fire.
 as a result of the structure of the language structure, the content and content of the text is even greater.
 this continues to take place, not only of ordinary people, but also caused great importance to the government-general and experts from the government.
 he didn't talk about, and consider how to look at the heart of the heart.
 we will not be able to be able to be able to be able to get a professional knowledge of the academics of the academics.
 as the saying goes, " we have no mistake.
 it is expected that the large national party will be expected to speed up within the democratic party of the new millennium.
 during the days of the days of the day, a lighter is like alight, such as a lighter, such as the " second " second year ".
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan is open to taiwan.
 the most common aspects of the existence of central jurisdiction is the navigational and adoption of the exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan, who was formally elected by the director-general of the world health organization, was officially elected as the director-general of the united nations.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the event of the international court of international court, it is in accordance with domestic laws on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the human rights of the constitution of slovenia, in particular the protection of women's human rights.
 er, on this, there was no black stay in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination was therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic era of history, and the process of the process, as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of tours from the print services bureau has risen to almost 60000 in november.
 there was no case in the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear disarmament committee must depend on its capacity and the modalities of the committee.
 the letter of authorisation should be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as everyone knows, we are looking for " quality ". it does not mean that we think we 're not important.
 the country was generally convinced that the international community has failed to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess damage to crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government has to be able to promote co-operation between the two exchanges and directions of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist three ministers in september and october.
 the prerogation of the perpetrator and enforced killings, both the minimum and the maximum size of the offence, is a maximum of 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by gun guns.
 at a time when the waiting time for care of care is a time-to-case time, the applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids spread.
 as an example is the product of modern technology.
 this would be possible to ensure the co-existence of peace and harmony in peace and harmony, and to promote the world's cultural and cultural development.
 on the food price, i do not know what the business of the business community can do.
 this will not only be able to enhance the ability of local production.
 i would like to understand that we will understand that we really wish to see that we are all members of the world.
 in the case of physical health, the symptoms are mainly relatively minor.
 coordination with relevant united nations bodies is also appropriate.
 in the face of the world's flowers, parents can be much better than one most suitable for the personal situation.
 once the more double-digit, the result is very serious.
 for those vietnamese and lao lao persons who cannot be resettled, they will continue to be sought for voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that during the 1999 new system in 1999, there was a significant improvement in the system.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing has been maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also believe that this could be a precedent which led to a precedent for all types of vessels, which must be issued.
 right.
 since the government has already learned about the problem, the government has never been able to listen to the legal advice.
 as at the end of august, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong, with a total of about $ 70000000000 in hong kong.
 to date, monuc's air and land-based assets have been transported over 30 tons of relief to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board on globalization and new technologies to implement the drug law in the 21 century.
 in this way, men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade in connection with egypt.
 madam president, in fact, the processions of the people are not the right of people, nor are not often political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the about about.
 recently, private sector companies and foundations have a significant increase in the interest of global cooperation at a global level.
 there are no other views.
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of the israelis and another person to the residents.
 as a result of time is limited, i have not been able to do all the service.
 the recent political developments in recent years seem to help the early settlement of the problem in hong kong.
 the model components consists of a model of the models of computer-based model models and lad oil.
 among these, 9 percentage of the growth came from currency exchange rates.
 typically, the typically illicit weapon transactions is carried out in areas where they are far from control of arms control.
 switzerland has not tolerated the financial system of terrorism in the future, and not to tolerate them.
 most of the job vacancies will receive a monthly salary of $ 8000 to $ 16000.
 details of the project completed by the main contractor in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 it is in the near future that these programmes are also broadcast in the near future.
 civil society within the commonwealth is a great complement to the official activities of the commonwealth official.
 china's view was that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is now taking place at the time of the tens, prospects for the future.
 since dr leung has a more time time, it has been written to make it better.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american association of cultures believe that non-seventions should be recognized as a minority.
 " in the coming three years, we plan to conduct an annual survey on employers in the next three years.
 we also do not know that the chinese side is very much the excuse for hong kong officials to take part in the mainland.
 the mission was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes these parties (e.e., the signatures, dependence on both parties and certification services).
 it is therefore anticipated that the rate of capacity in the implementation of national programmes is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics for consideration.
 the hksar warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, only one telephone telephone is only one of 5300 per 5300 in africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and integrity of persons and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also been closed on several occasions in the gaza strip and egypt, each closure of several days.
 as a result of the speedy speed, the cost of transport costs, and the cost of transport, are benefiting from all sectors.
 such as chao yu-yen's absortor or affiliated with a number of other things, such as chao yu-yen's sons are in the past.
 3. 2. the 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technical capacity to come to hong kong.
 she wondered what can be done, such as radio, television, television, singing, singing, singing and piano and wars.
 it is very difficult to talk about the children of taiwan.
 it can be calculated on a higher value basis.
 in fact, the secretary for housing, housing department invited me to talk about the fact that this is not a relationship with redevelopment.
 a consultant was entrusted with an independent expert opinion and encourages the consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not see that i have seen such reports.
 (a) the company's interest in rental of the cyberport is required to apply for the use of standard forms of standard application forms.
 in the film of film. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, director of health, said that about four years will be reached.
 very difficult.
 in the department's central body, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them are management positions.
 in the opinion of the court, the buyers do not have the obligation to pay the purchase obligations.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be a channel for the human rights of the arab league on human rights.
 the 50 session of the 1 9 session of the draft bill will be created at the 50 session of the common sponsors, which will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq is requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre of the financial centre has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 it was considered that the mandate of the elections was the privilege of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors will also be able to get back into the modern civilization of modern civilization.
 we have a long-term goal to bring hong kong into the region of asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr. lin cheng-yen, and the fund management committee to distribute $ 80 per copy of the new year of $ 80 per copy.
 mrs selina chow suggested that the use of " juvenile police officers " expressed their consent.
 there was a breakthrough in the overseas markets.
 as a result of the amendment proposed by the honourable lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is actually misconceptible.
 in shanghai, shanghai's import and export company, zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the shipment of hong kong ships has been able to make a better economic decision in the domestic ship industry.
 helping the government and people of sierra leone have helped to consolidate peace in the united states as a priority.
 according to he said, history is in the past.
 the national development framework for the transitional government provides the role of the country in the economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the competence of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had always been very active in carrying out their duties since the committee was members.
 israel is proud to be proud of the age tradition of the entire world.
 <unk> 28 <unk> <unk> x <unk> <unk> x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the dancers of the dancers are the gods of fresh flowers, and then letting the audience.
 the situation in the united nations society is most worrying.
 in another case, the doctor said that the child was infected with minors.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the ch'i's songs, the artists are even more popular, and they don't forget them to see the world.
 the aim is to put on a 3-party and peace-building peace-building, peace-building, so that ethiopia ceases to war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo, should not let them take the past, and should be encouraged to look after the future.
 we should not forget that these are public funds, and it is absolutely not a waste of waste.
 on the contrary, there will be an increase in university degree in local universities.
 i have recently been invited to attend the residents of the population.
 copies should be made immediately to a copy of these written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or the person.
 qin kuo said that james soong arrived at the 1 of the 1 stop on may 5, he will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee further notes that the delegation provided additional information during the consideration of the report and the mission.
 a major train explosion occurred in north korea's north korean security station station.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include social, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, as well as the representatives of journalists.
 i am not sure to make use of the emotions of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking activities also involve other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe in my own, but i am often heard of religion's spirit.
 as a result, only the chinese government would only be eligible to represent the government of the chinese government.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the administration and the legislative council, " he said.
 okay, thank you for an analysis of mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have already implemented some sets of guidelines, particularly on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployment rate was reduced to 19.30000, and the first time for the first time to reach 200000 people.
 in 2004, the united states import and export bank provided funding to us$ 178000000 export products to the world market.
 a two informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to take legal action on the pollution problem of the old-owned ship ship factory.
 it was proposed to set up 36 posts for the operation of the operation, 18 posts in support of the support account for 18 posts.
 in taiwan, his " 3 route " is the main reference for the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, there are a double-edged sword for a double-ed sword.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily attack on the number of vehicles at the scene.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the councils attention to the situation in the central african republic.
 as a result, the meeting was scheduled to take place at 009:30 a.m. on the scene.
 the record shall be subject to 3 years after the final review of the document.
 in china, there will be 2000000000 people.
 the large number of bangkok in bangkok is prepared to cross the night of the last year.
 similar statements have been made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives on behalf of the united nations.
 during the period, taxis will be able to carry out car parks and loading of car parks at the end of nearly ming sheung road.
 the transfer of the united nations transfer of conventional arms is transparent and transparent measures between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some of the local employers have continued to streamline staff from the uncertainty of economic growth.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman added.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic and have no access to refugee status.
 when i went to the small child, i have all along a very serious problem, and i have a very serious concern.
 the committee on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of gender disparities and inequality can affect the study of the risk cumulative process.
 according to the conservative estimates and environmental protection bureau, it is estimated that the potential of these technologies could reach us$ 400000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has long been the financial surplus of the east asian region, and should also be used.
 the swd has contacted the family of chen yin-ling's family to provide psychological counselling.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of the accommodation cost for the country.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy for the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor in west timor.
 there has been no place in which these people have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops were invited to be left to the democratic republic of the congo.
 in order to improve the recruitment of police recruitment, the training and management recommendations of the prisons are also applicable to prison guards.
 " the inspection is also found to be able to cope with traffic, public utility facilities and other. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or were reflected in some international conventions.
 after the building, the ministry of home affairs and the house, etc.
 all helicopters to be deployed before the 1 ballot is envisaged.
 we wish hong kong's success in the light of a sunlight, the air, the air and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main strength of economic development.
 for this reason, we first emphasize the nuclear powers to the conclusion of the treaty for the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty.
 in contrast, the largest number of internet services providers in the united states have maintained the ratio of a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform, the whole country has made a significant contribution to achieve common wealth, social stability and social stability.
 in my country's warmest and well-being, he will be able to grow quickly. 2.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the current hall of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to be allowed to be allowed to leave the guardian of the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform document for national citizens in the region.
 it is a good friend to say that he is really friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of workers, employment, employment and transfer of workers have been plagued.
 " we should not give up the " live " '. "
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in last year has significantly increased.
 i would no longer want to let the existing veterinary colleges of mainland china and taiwan in hong kong.
 the current age of these greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 the high level of economic experts on the weekends also raised the same forecasts.
 the project could also enable more public to know cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the quota for loans.
 the above-mentioned detention assets was carried out in accordance with the code of procedure of the code of procedure and was chaired by the judges.
 judging from the death of the students, the students were not allowed to have the only way.
 the patient's health care facilities is based on the basis of a standard of basic medical supplies ( medical supplies catalogue) in unrwa health facilities.
 the soil plan is not only a redistribution of land.
 in the event of that theme, the meeting sought to remind people that one of one of one of the people died as a result of anti-personnel mines.
 when the neighbourings came to the neighbours, there were some chinese crafts that can be purchased.
 motorists are advised to follow the command of police officers at the scene.
 some surprisingly surprisingly, as a result of the legal adviser to the counsel of the legal adviser to the defence of counsel to counsel counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, benin's government is considering the possibility of expansion of the existing social security system or individuals.
 the amputation of the amputation of them left their life, which affects their lives, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined to decline.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will be expected to take a journey for lifelong learning.
 he was said to be followed by the ministry of the interior and the ministry of the ministry of the interior allegedly said his home.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled skills is the only part of the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that the current funding approach is based on the basis of policy experience and performances on credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau, mrs miriam lau, is the help of the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to chem.
 they shall be open-making marketing markets, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the face of international law and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war on iraq to iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universal universal observance of human rights.
 state practice suggests that the length of the length of the right period of the right of option is considerably different.
 the islamic state of afghanistan looks forward to the security council on the agenda of its consideration of the previous agenda, which could also be re-examined.
 a large number of countries achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has led to a setback.
 as a result, the countries of some of the funds are not available.
 recognizing the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration of the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of a multi-ethnic society to join together.
 faig's discovery, the development, manufacture and sales of people, and many of the world's famous consumer products.
 as a result, the veterinate of the veterinists also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens are not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analysed a number of missions's survey data and verify the rates of self-determination.
 if the flood problems of the northwest new territories northwest northwest new territories have to implement the shenzhen river river project.
 the capitalism of legal and ethics has often resulted in drug trafficking, with organized crime and corruption.
 during the 1 work of the queen's work, chen chao-kuo was the 1 work of his worker.
 a one-way route between the two places between the two places will be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic situation of the palestinian territories has been described as a comprehensive and productive manner.
 <unk> do not have a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were killed.
 the working group working with international human rights services and international human rights services, minority rights groups in 1997 have dealt with these issues in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers were raided in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 as a result, the contracting authority would wish to consider the control of measures that may need to change.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in transition, is particularly particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 allegedly were killed by armed elements of the communist party of the communist party of the ccp.
 in accordance with the rule of law, a person convicted of terrorist acts, in accordance with the existing legislation, will have a legal responsibility.
 mr president, it will be resolved if the landfills of the landfill will be closed for next year.
 over 200 million children have left permanent disability or serious injuries in armed conflicts in the 1990s.
 this is a great help in the development of ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the development of the north-west side.
 there will be a warning letter to the department's failure to make improvements or effect to the department's success.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 moreover, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world's free and most competitive economy.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a value value of hk$ 680000000 after the signing of a total value of $ 80008000000.
 i am referring to hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of non-traditional security in non-traditional security.
 compared to july this year to july this year, most of the major trades and employment conditions are generally stable.
 this is not easy, but if a quota system can be made, more people with disabilities will be absorbed.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of negotiations on the international convention on the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factory and industrial operation (tret noise) regulations, will provide effective implementation of the scheme.
 the letter does not have a confidence in the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only rise to the opposite results.
 we firmly believe that the report of the report contained in the report contained in the report of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in the world has been increasing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry. "
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the saliberal conflict is a dispute between the two communities in the area with crops in crops with crop farming.
 the amendments have also been reserved for the future development of the fire services department and open space such as the merice.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details of the details are also available to provide studies for improving the training of language skills.
 when chen was sitting on the pracks of the sbracks, the winds of the skulls and from time to time.
 in fact, in terms of the jurisdiction of the garrison law, the proposals for the draft garrison law are almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the government of the judiciary is not encouraging the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the establishment of the resources centre.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint meeting would like to comment on the discussion and will take follow-up actions on various recommendations.
 in addition, we will make preparations for the review of the district councils on the district boards.
 the vehicles imported by the secretariat at 1 avenue will be limited to a vehicle vehicle with the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, the villagers were allowed to divert up 320000 trees.
 the land reform institute of el salvador was established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 police are responsible for the girl's relatives or the girl who urged the girl to contact the mong kok police station to telephone the mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal issuance agency to implement the quality and upgrading of productivity programmes.
 this morning, we are too small and i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, attention has been given to education, increasing the means and means to promote social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the military, and it is certainly not the command of the army.
 the field of assets control systems is a series of audits aimed at providing the united nations assets responsible for assets of the united nations.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must be unexploded, non-existent, non-discriminal, non-demotivity, unimaginable gas and no chemical response.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse worse, because of the threat posed by nuclear weapons, the threat posed by nuclear weapons has been rooted.
 in the village, the village was all scared to walk away.
 armed conflict in darfur areas began in february last year.
 the right to discrimination is part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for the international protection of a multiluralized system.
 the committee's procedure is confidential, according to the rules, any documents or addresses of the relevant rules.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, we believe that in future hong kong's ranks will be rebounded.
 the choice has chosen to choose whether the contract is to be sold.
 efforts will continue to be a challenge.
 they are afraid to be replenished.
 at that time, governor patten is busy in the preparations for the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed, however, that only one of the accused has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, is always saddened, and that sadness beyond national and religious boundaries.
 the chip was seized in the operation of $ 50000.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines are set out in the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they had to be a scientific and technical technology, which is not the level of science and technology.
 while member states request to strengthen the field of field representation, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was hit by a car bomb in the city of mahadah, who was crowded in the city.
 senior officials of senior officials at the present session, as well as individuals, will receive special permits to the united nations security guards and security service.
 messages of the latest map and the newly received messages have been transmitted quickly to rescue institutions.
 the programme is 1500 000 citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations agencies have carried out mine clearance activities in its mandate.
 the government of cambodia provided legal protection to the hiv <unk> aids cambodians in cambodia, and protect the human rights of these people.
 again, once again, once again the housing department has once again come to the housing department.
 drop-out rates in secondary schools are still higher than boys in secondary and university at secondary and university levels.
 on the other hand, the inter-congolese and guarding between the two parties to the two parties have broken out.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 never imagined that it had changed her decision.
 the number of warning letters will be received by the transport department.
 it is always the united states in the united states.
 president of the environment co-operation agencies, the president of the world bank of the world bank.
 if officials are interested in investment interest, it is not possible to do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of the international system over the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some of them cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to remove the cuban sugar quotas in cuba.
 however, from the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 3 children have been released, but the following day it was also necessary to go to the gendendende.
 the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region ordinance is made.
 the more the more voters will vote, and of course our 1 legislative council is representative.
 a distance of 400 kilometres per hour can be available for a distance of 400 kilometres per hour.
 if he is not enough, if he is not enough, they will be able to take a rest.
 this practice is an obvious example of administration.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks on the turkish cypriot side was a campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 his delegation was proposed by the delegation of argentina to include models, except those models.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to know about details of the cases in the tribunal, " he said.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the delegation's appreciation to the work of this topic.
 no one has been transferred to him.
 with regard to the precarious situation of the marriage situation, she asked whether there was no question of identification of the root causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the advisory committee on innovation and technology, and the appointment of special advisers.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 therefore, it is attached to the importance that non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities have been promoted to all levels.
 the delegation said that this is the fact that the majority were from outside forces, not from control groups and individuals.
 " this is the hard and continuous efforts of each of our colleagues in the past and at present. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the standard of living and improvement of children's standard of living and improvement services, parents are able to pay some costs.
 however, there is a need to make further efforts in order to enhance the outcome of the work of the relevant countries.
 those criminal acts could not be allowed to implement, financial assistance, and other means to support these criminal acts.
 on july 26, we saw a security guard in sha tin, who saw a security guard with two burglors.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can take care of the actual contact or contact of clients.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in territory territory territory of the republic shall be protected with the same protection in haiti.
 a three-year period of the member states of the european union has been in line with the instructions between the law and 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is anger and immediately made a press conference in a press conference.
 it reiterates its importance to the importance of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still dominated by the japanese economy.
 other people's own people, such as their own, is unrealistic.
 as a result of their hard uses, it's not hard to sell them to the use of a colons.
 in the near future, the fisheries industry has spent six years, but the fisher is not easy to cultivate fish.
 while the international community has been condemned by numerous resolutions, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the regulation and standards of regulatory regulation by the sfc.
 in the first time, the star has returned to the first time.
 we would like to see the university of peace in the university of peace and to take a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projection and projections, as well as planning and research studies for private and commercial organizations.
 more friends were invited to attend the lunar new year lunar new year.
 the united states government recognizes the diplomatic bank account for diplomatic immunity.
 2, the adjudication fees are paid on the basis of an instrument of commution of the category.
 during the competition, students have to deal with accidents, such as electricity, black-handed attacks, the network, equipment and passions.
 we are now considering the views of the industry.
 the board of staff also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of evidence of the company to concentrate a concentration of loans to one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people will avoid it.
 the staff of the department of health had provided health education to family members and disinfection at their home.
 i turn now to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 in the event of focusing on the necessary action, we reject our vision for a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of question of palestine in the middle east.
 members of the council have agreed to do so.
 these include a threat to the threat of sovereignty, including the promotion of the concept of sovereignty, and has been the promotion of technology.
 the maintenance of the world security peace and peace cannot be left to the development of the international community.
 a state of emergency, on 15 december, was extended again on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupied mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile makes them very appropriate, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's government has the government's policy to adopt an open standard of software products as a platform for application systems.
 in addition, 106 privately, 106 private care centres are also maintained at the same time.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military operations, but the front line has not been significant.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission can draw a new image of images with the commission's databases and the latest images of the commission.
 the estimate consists of 10 per cent vacancy.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas will also reduce the production of sulphur, nitro and carbon emissions.
 works will start early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large institutions in the manufacturing sector are more than 50 or more or more employment units in other sectors.
 according to section 23 of the ministry of sweden, section 23 of the sweden code is to be applied to the highest limits applicable to the completion of the offences.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from the list of non-self-governing territories from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the death of kingsanan ii hasan ii hasan ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation in the operation of the rwandan action mission involving 5 suspects.
 of these, 60 were carried out by non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were sponsored by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spanish special concerns.
 there will be no need for the vehicles to be found in the vehicle.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") (" smes ") (" smes ") (" smes ")
 8 days after the day, the united states, together with us.
 more than 2, 2000 pots of african grolands will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide a reliable and timely information on the entire territory of the territory, particularly the level of poverty.
 one of the hot spots of the children's attention is to be launched this year's introduction to be launched this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's legislation on the abolition of the death penalty is the same trend in respect of human rights.
 it is also known to know that he is very effective.
 15 catholic churches and a number of staff members of the humanitarian organization are reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation was revised in 1999 to provide more investigations and the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will deliver a speech at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the association of france.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 the ministry of finance was presented to the submission of the procedure on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 if the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said just now, it seems to be the case <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legality of the proposal could be found in the charter and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the state must begin to collect data on their storage and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are available from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have been used in many cases such as " the interests of the " rich ".
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but it is in principle opposed to landing departure tax.
 according to the contract, the question of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon by all the local forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the southern part of the south-east of khaa, southern and continue to be in the south-east of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to the professions affected by labour shortages.
 using germany's light trains in germany, the speed speed speed speed quickly, the cost of $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of the people's republic of china.
 such work shall continue to be taken up by the division and need to be considered by the division.
 police will take special arrangements on hong kong island on the hong kong island to be held on hong kong island.
 private universities have also given relief fees on the basis of their students.
 improvement in the relationship between us and egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achieve the common goal of all ethnic groups of our region.
 he was extremely powerful, and he was struggling, and he was struggling.
 there are some police officers who have been able to make a video record.
 as a result: those who were unavailed for medicine was not used to obtain the quality of medicines, through a german company, through a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine as a treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel also continued to keep the tunnel of the al-qaqsa mosque in the al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival this year's spring festival, the travel industry has not received any complaints about travelers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " he said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been restructured to reflect the provision of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the right of the demonstration, i am sure that the spirit of the demonstration is a long way.
 the private car immediately fled the scene along sha tsui street to escape the scene along sha tsui street.
 although the evidence is made, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopoly of these monopoly.
 it must be noted, however, that the performance of the institutions in their respective roles and missions are unfairly unfair to their respective roles and mission. "
 i believe not only today will not only affect the future.
 the environment of the environment has become a result of the lack of assistance to the level of assistance in the context of development.
 " our immunization system is like the army, like the military, could be resisted by the disease.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this caused a decline in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to east.
 in my view, we have this weekly demonstrated our commitment to the international health of the international community.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general and thank him for his consideration of today's consideration.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, on its part, has made their sacrifices to rebuild democracy after several decades of political instability.
 at the door of the west gates, she only put her many legends.
 what we are very familiar with this is an important change.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children.
 it's the mainland's mainland and the whole continent's entire continent and to bring about brightness. "
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i am able to build a tree in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a moral instrument for the implementation of impunity, with the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, the seizure of cocaine seizures in recent years had been low, and reported seizures of 913 kg.
 in that connection, pakistan supported the proposal of mexico's proposal to give serious consideration to the appropriate budget of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (fpa) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 he was then taken by a police vehicle in the semi-mashed state, and he was shot on the car.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of protecting nature should be made more effective and more substantively.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define more clearly the user-friendly user and evaluation of the work results.
 mr chan kam-lam said he is more than my short, but i would like to say that i would still have a short speech.
 lithuania also attached great importance to other international forums on the issue of anti-terrorism issues.
 the 1 round of court of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states of the united states had a summary of the judgement.
 with regard to this point, the 30000 displaced persons in the southern equate area and the northern part of kagaga province were displaced in this year.
 as a result of the war and air strikes at the end of july, international organizations had had to leave city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only be able to keep the local saying that the government can only do well.
 the current operating budget of the current operation is a total of $ 40 per year.
 another 10 per cent of repayment was made on the non-us dollar basis for payment of 10 per cent of non-us$ non-us$ non-us$ non- dollar.
 the president and his wife unanimously.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle and can be a suitable forum.
 speaking on the above-mentioned question, the general committee recommended that the basic capabilities should be given to primary and secondary school students, university graduates and professional groups.
 it is not, therefore, that the language of the so-called so-called so-called conscientious language.
 regular receives of the images of a regular receives and 7 (p. 30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february 24, 2000.
 as regards the content of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically favourable.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador increased the growth of 2<unk>3 and colombian in colombia and the growth of colombia.
 in recent cases, the most recent example is to be built at sha tin ho park involving the integrity of country parks.
 the records envisaged are envisaged in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong surveyors will be a keynote speaker in the workshop.
 meanwhile, 12 juveniles arrested at the operation of the six-year operation was released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this is all possible to inform the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but no progress has been made.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean region.
 she would also like to know how information on the use of non-governmental organizations, they provide information and the use of such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to raise this motion debate today.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy to encourage the promotion of field representation, but the country should provide financial contributions or in kind.
 of the 15 different different countries.
 as a result of the signing of the treaty, the legal assistance of the treaty shall be assisted in accordance with the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people have been able to return to their homes.
 the list of national names is not short, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decrease in the construction industry, and the transport and transport sectors.
 in view of the budgetary constraints, there was a number of limitations on the costs of counseling counsel and expenditures.
 it is essential that the duration of the duration of the duration is that it is too long to stay too long.
 on the weekends, the next time of the next year's time, these places have been filled with the parents of their children.
 there is no one thing that banks do not have any other one thing to instruct banks to deal with its business.
 programme enquiries can be made on the programme: 246119<unk> admission is made: 27734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can make a unit to study.
 the procedure for article 190 to 201 in the georgian penal code, which is a procedure for an asset (bank account).
 " in addition to the case of the case, we also believe that there is a need to extend to the training and transport aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations 50 years, albania has been one of the most grained dictatorships of the continent.
 we do not agree with the actions taken in the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i would like to say that they will not allow you to join it.
 he was reportedly detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the further proliferation of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, paragraphs 13 to 18 should be considered in accordance with the scope of the international regime more specific.
 1970-75 counsellor of the embassy of italian embassy in italy.
 there should be a code of moral practice in the areas of conflict conflict in the conflict area.
 the preconditions should be that the provision should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all over the above-mentioned sale arrangements are not available for sale in the hos scheme.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the number of deaths was $ 32000.
 however, i took up it, since this issue reflects the fact that the history of history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 in the future of hong kong's future, the chinese government said: " the united kingdom is able to do so.
 more than any other groups, they need family, social and government's attention and care.
 the pollution area has been reported to have been affected by polluted food, and these foods have been processed elsewhere.
 with regard to the choice of the children's name, a reservation was made at the time of ratification of the convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that the arms flowing into the country must be prevented.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss a serious discussion with the industry.
 i would like to have a little young boy to have thousands of victims.
 mr ngai kuang talked about a woman's taiwan edition of taiwan's taiwan edition.
 the overall plan to assist girls and women to enhance their self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed that the administration and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of the communist party of the chinese communists came to a revolutionary riots.
 in the extension of the extension of the farms, there is a large number of people with the farmer, and the farmer has also helped to promote the development of the fisheries industry.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding, which has not been received so far.
 in this context, the committee was endeavouring to understand all of iraq's full acts of action.
 rwanda special rapporteur visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the increase in the unutilized balance of the force has been terminated.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to provide a direct contribution to the palestinians.
 activities in the field of research and practical application activities should be strengthened.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall be elected and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises in the service industry have received $ 216000, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by the council in may and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the countries of friendship and international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we are persuaded to entrepreneurship friends: understand their own inadequate and honestly, they have to face.
 a few months later, the storm has also been a very painful period of adjustment.
 ah, i have also been closed yesterday.
 following the protests, some of the people's protests were emotionally moved, and the police would use high-ranking dragons.
 the establishment of a trade point programme ( annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is respect for civil servants and to discuss them together with you.
 the committee expresses its concern about the change in the system of pension systems, and the impact on women's impact on the men's impact on men.
 (c) the office of the commander of the commander: owing to the sensitive sensitiveness of the office, a reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the ministry of community development division, ministry of development and family support division, has carried out publicity activities, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the gizmony global market, vice president of the gizon world, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should continue to look at human rights in a fair and equal manner with the same emphasis on human rights.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have made a strategic strategy for the implementation of its figures and diversity.
 similar provisions in annex iii of the joint declaration are also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 0.6 per cent in july to november, after only 0.6 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 it is clear that women's ability to participate fully in the community depends on the economic and social resources and its legal rights.
 many discussions of the general assembly and the various committees of the various committees clearly reflect the urgent problem of all humankind.
 it is an end to their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the above-mentioned position, china has made a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 of the us$ 2000000000, only $ 1230000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the changes paid by households in hong kong.
 the scope of such an approach has been focused on whether the proceeds will return to the original guarantee.
 he believed that the beijing olympic games were ready to succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the commission considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of the last session in february of this year.
 we have to do so that we have to do so.
 in 2000, the protection of the maternity code of the workplace was prohibited from 8 to 21 weeks.
 the practical facilities for paraguay are significant improvement.
 welcome.
 it was also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed, and we hope that it would be able to develop as soon as possible.
 for the public, the general assembly is of the general assembly of the general assembly.
 in most countries, the population of older persons is far more rapidly than the general population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the archives of the national archives also took place on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " china space technology technology ".
 their disciplines are disciplinary and acted as the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public's public opinion in the public.
 " it is not necessary for the public to be unduly worried, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who are urged to contact the investigating officers of the regional missing unit at 2773 3333 or 2773 3336.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 seven.
 this matter has happened to be the way in the way of the emigration point of the immigration point.
 the total number of unemployed is a few times.
 the government of industrial countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend the debt. this practice also deserves further consideration.
 the century and the millennium have seen mankind's success and see some disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, i hope that i would like to say a few words on the subject of my amendments.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolution is known as biotechnology revolution.
 i understand that the government of china has promised to consider the accuracy of the basic law to the drafting of the basic law.
 the violation of these rights can be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicines that is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: chinese charity funds and the chinese temples were set up after the promulgation of the chinese temple in 1992.
 it is well known that there is no distinction between volunteer and compulsory recruitment.
 on the day of the first reading of the journal, i wrote this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continued to be a high level of higher inflation, which is expected to be close to 10 per cent in the year.
 just now, mr tu has also mentioned that there was a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i have also agreed to agree with the amendment to a number of additional administrative requirements.
 i am sure that i would not need to repeat again.
 a number of recommendations will be submitted to the session of the review commission at its 1 session.
 the management system is a complex project. it will have a profound impact on the management of personnel, budgetary and financial work.
 if we do not have a joint venture to buy their own business, it is also high.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs officers, the lands department, the lands department, lands and planning department will carry out the verification of the company.
 mr. wang yingan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you for the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safe.
 the objective of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned with the state concerned.
 responding to the police officers, police officers conducted an investigation into three rooms in the hotel on 27 march.
 they must accept a continuing professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization will be eligible for consideration.
 in late february, the education department will invite parents to be invited to select schools to select schools in march ii.
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 originally, i also said that it was not good for him to do with him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum age of obligation to provide service to the minimum age of service will be re-examined.
 a view was expressed that the issue of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat the arguments earlier earlier, and i only hope that the old-hearted employees of the elderly are fairly justice.
 in the absence of any other speakers, the chairman should announce an end to the debate.
 he said: " you are often working on their work.
 in the future, the ceiling level should be left to the administration in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the 2 sisters of the 2 sisters are suffering from hunger, guarding and stormed a day.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the level of service levels, " the spokesman said.
 it is a big step in the future.
 6. the community is clearly in favour of a bill of rights and to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is simply " itself ".
 however, when his delegation went to new york, it was not a source of air safety and prevented them from entering the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will greatly moderate. "
 the united kingdom delegation believes that the court should be consistent with some criteria.
 in order to reduce the accumulation of funds in the short term, i think the government should take more active implementation.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties dealt with the multilateral covenant and the agreement, including the issue of reservations of the human rights treaty.
 myanmar has opted for democracy: the government of myanmar is making a genuine democratic state for a market-oriented market system.
 it was also reported that on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers reportedly attacked a 7, including five children.
 " we will be as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is really a way to set up the ideal city. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border instruments such as smuggling or a violation of foreign exchange controls belong to customs regulations.
 for more than 95% of salaries and personal income tax tax taxpayers, more than 95% of salaries tax will be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sorrow and consider that japan must be done.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of the ministry of social and social development, welfare and social development of the ministry of social development, are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also serves as the secretary of the administrative committee on coordination of the administrative committee on the coordination of administrative committees and the chairman of the organization.
 the exhibition is the end of friday, 5 november, on friday, 5 november.
 the incidence of life expectancy in life expectancy (table 3 and chart 5).
 2, it is the checks and balances between the administrative and legislation.
 even if the shelling is not more than a few days, there is almost no one-time work in the street.
 this year, it may be very different.
 next, let us take a look at iraq's policy on iraq's government.
 in addition, members can be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 looking at me, i am very excited about me.
 despite the good financial results, the structural adjustment programme had not been able to reach its goals in the gdp growth rate.
 yes, a different difference.
 if we want the united nations to play a pivotal position, we must make the united nations to take the united nations as a means of development.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the songs of " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will carry out repair works on the ground under the ground under the ground.
 after the election was elected, i believe that this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been declining trends.
 the croatian police have also been able to carry out a regular and vehicle patrol on the part of the control zone.
 in the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung said that this would have misunderstanding on the education department.
 the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the enactment of the registration scheme, the authorities will consider all the views related to the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee: mr martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " blows ", and it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 during the evening, he will fly to washington for his visit to washington for a visit to the last stop.
 exports from developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 in order to give her husband's shoes.
 <unk> 152, despite the need to analyse data and volumes of data and the number of data, the content of the data are relatively small.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market had food in the local market, the power of people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and proposes to retain the current level of 2.7 per cent.
 the gains achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a precondition for the end.
 the authorities have been admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the continued growth in hong kong's economy has been sustained, and the surplus of the kurds are many of them.
 it should be done.
 the scope of the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general.
 over 3 years, a large number of documents have proved that due to lack of water supply, the cost of water supply has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to prohibiting the nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they answered that they were unable to host him.
 the whole can be much larger than its part.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department will take into account the general public holiday on may 1 this year.
 it is true that the people of the green paper are misleading.
 in 1993, it became a member of china's appointments in china and was appointed as a member of the concessionaire.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to cooperation with a long-term strengthening of the capacity and infrastructure of national protection and infrastructure.
 every week of the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must take advantage of the international law of international law.
 at present, science and technology is changing, the scale of economic cooperation has unprecedented, and the world is speeding up towards multiization.
 the topic of the chinese and western painting museums with the museum of museums with the museum.
 in a sense of rationality with a sense of emotions, it is not commensurate with him.
 i talked about the response of the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental of the angolans themselves have to commit itself to peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications that the existence of the drug drugs in fiji.
 as a result, members of the world feel that there was no waste of money.
 on the other hand, foreign brazilian turtles, fowons, prays and prays have become the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subjected to discrimination against workers, or not to be slavery in the labour force.
 (a) over 50 per cent of its economy over 50 per cent of our economy<unk> (ii) can generally refer to developed countries.
 today, the 1 time in the history of saint lucia is the 1 time in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fan's phenomenon is the product of a new single-volar system in other countries.
 recently, there have been a number of original groups who have not been able to speak in 1988.
 however, as a result of the return of the population, it would be necessary for east timor to continue its resources to continue.
 in the capital baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs at least five people and 19 injured.
 for a few months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights and other irregular cases.
 his election was highlighted by his election, his personal quality and his personal quality and experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is the people-oriented industry, there is no need for the whole community to survive.
 at the time of the clibal conditions, 10 10 per cent of the two-storey line shall be 173 pairs of two-storey lanes.
 the words " removed ".
 at the same time, the department is also not trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the case of non-state security, the debtors of the debtor should continue to bear the responsibility and maintenance of responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly mutual legal assistance, will make the fruits of the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the context of urgent needs.
 during the period, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " mixed-lane " conference, namely, the open meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, it was not mentioned in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the fact that the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some things could not be done so close to the election.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended.
 the car parks will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in growth in the portfolio of customer portfolio continues to grow steadily.
 many people have to be facilitated to facilitate the convenience of car shopping.
 in mid-july, li also visited japan to join japan in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france would submit to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in the conference.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 a happy seven are happy and he was happy with his satisfaction and love.
 in the " safety of safety ", mr cheung kin-tung is a keynote speech on the occupational safety of hong kong.
 i would like to ask you to ask you. so, i am going to look for you.
 the new advantage of the hong kong new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of households in the economy, many of the amount of money can be produced.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the content of the draft draft is too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we want to safeguard the rule of law.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states needed to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the grass-roots level at the grass-roots level.
 lin yu-ming was found in the 50-year-old man who was found at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces have also been forced into the village, causing a house of houses and destroyed another building.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited as early as possible as early as early as early as possible.
 child prostitution refers to the use of children in order to provide, access to or facilitating the use of children.
 this is an outstanding achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders-on-hand in the metal products industry increased further by 2%.
 equally important is the serious external debt problem of african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of those countries.
 after many hours of debate and many years of debate, we are now going back to the start.
 the economic and social council has 14 thematic panels and members of the council to participate in the work of the individual, rather than states representatives.
 more in-depth tactical training is provided by the experts.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be considered to replace the north-south cooperation and should be seen as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and the traditional structure of family structures are changing.
 in order to ensure that the quality of chinese textbooks is available, the authorities have set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 another argument is: " it's better for the business of banks to make money as long as long as long as long as long.
 some people were said to have been wounded.
 although his delegation appreciated the role played by unctad in the field, the panellists only raised interesting issues, but not to provide solutions.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to enable these policies to take advantage of these policies, there is a need to address trade in terms of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the man had been transferred to the hospital, and the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of this person.
 in order to avoid the strong interests of political parties, the electoral campaign should be subject to the public funding of public funding.
 it is expected that information and exercises of the right to development will be completed in 2000.
 in conclusion, it was not surprising that the sun yu yu-yen has reached numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (ssss) chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (ssss) held a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, there is a wide range of land in the new territories.
 we welcome our efforts in these areas. "
 to make it clear that the computer will not " do " you " do not " don't " don't " do ". "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces, in the iraqi security forces, appears to be the sky, irrespective of the authorities or the local people.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's 4 series of new zealand's 4 series of new zealand.
 the adoption of the new integrated guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 <unk> 15 <unk> during the experimenting system, the proposed impact on the impact of the area has been affected by the district and general.
 the television television broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar helping to improve the public awareness of this issue.
 if the age of 65 is under the age of 65, there is no right to pay a pension.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 qing ching-ming has always been working hard to achieve achievements in the law.
 the special rapporteur urges the competent body to take into account the review of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will search for suitable vacancies and helping their employment, " he added.
 as china has recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, it is expected that two companies are expected to increase.
 recently, a lecturer from the mainland and the university of hong kong, university of hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, he would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating the importance of their self-government authority.
 marknii was the headquarters of the ruf.
 to retain the " taipei's dignity " in taipei is now the gate of the new painting room.
 this requirement not to disclose the names of the names of the names of the names of the name, " said official official.
 born in new zealand, rice<unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in traditional markets, two chickens are engaged in each other.
 details of the scheme, in both english and chinese, are now put forward at the public inspection site.
 the dpp has carried out a new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a choice for many employees.
 the claimant provided a export credit guarantee for exporters and contractor.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed countries to implement national plans in various areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention should be given to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health organization act, all owners of estonia have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the resolution of the conflict.
 the national daily also quoted in bangkok's world bank's bank's bank's office, " nobody knows how many people know. "
 as a result of the " red cross-recket ", the people of liaoning people's publishing publication are published.
 madam president, the secretary today's grand secretary's grand secretary's grand secretary's secretary is going to do him.
 in the wake of the dark atmosphere, i might say some of the comparisons.
 the draft statute of the international court of justice in the annex are contained in the annex to the above statement.
 after the performance, the audience received enthusiastic response to the members and staff of the public.
 i can also give some examples to say that some of the chronic patients who have been unemployed to the hospital authority have been denied.
 the approved plan has to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 actually, i went to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting ensuring that the gender issue of the 2001 national census is more sensitive.
 she is entitled to all the civil service.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the programme, from prevention, to prosecute trafficking in persons who are involved.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the reports report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters can be fired from approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the situation is tense.
 first, we first take action to act on the economic and other activities of the peoples of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in cash for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation is also very grateful for the briefing by the under-secretary-general for the secretary-general, and the special representative of the special representative.
 it is likely that developing countries are likely to create a financial instability in developing countries.
 a international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic and the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 owing to the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to a number of concepts that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 aids has contributed to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in the clan conflict has increased their suffering.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposes to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police in dealing with complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now not available.
 this figure will increase in 19 per cent of the population of africa.
 at the same time, the situation in hong kong, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, south korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states will take over 1000 hours of advertisements in life.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a subject to play.
 the office of the disarmament department requested the department of disarmament to help to make financial commitments to the new emerging political will.
 our financial position is lucky than britain, so it is not necessary for us to take a risk of danger.
 the last time of la laden's image was lasted by the end of 2004, but his deputy al-zawakh <unk> <unk> ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction programme (" the working group), mr tam tam-chung.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to the matter. "
 during the performance of the performance, hu is the day before the performance of the national music scholar with a variety of musicologists.
 the gross surplus of the business industry accounted for 17.2% over 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict, and children need to be taken care.
 the number of military attacks by the bosnian serb forces on civilian populations has been escalationed on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that 540 24 visits were successfully completed during the two-week survey period.
 " the chickens have been transported and blood tested to the market, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance on whether they continue to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone, about 240 kilometres from the demilitarized zone, extends 10 kilometres from 10 kilometres and to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children in the family service are girls.
 as a result, there has been a number of measures to ensure that female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the 1 chief crush liu ming-ming, liu ming-ming, also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected that the cold weather will also affect north china and south china.
 the present section recalls the reasons for the right to food in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the buffered white ballets were dominated by the colons of the colons.
 the code of criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen the national legal system.
 in the absence of appropriate legal sanctions, an appropriate legal sanctions should be made to facilitate compliance with respect to the mandate of the mandate.
 the government has launched a series of activities to consolidate the confidence in hong kong by the government and the business community.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet team took place at the hong kong ballet group in hong kong.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the home affairs department, mrs lee said, " hong kong has always been a society of immigration.
 on 30 may, on 30 may, a new fighting had taken place between the troops and the taliban in the north-west of the taliban in the north-west.
 the computer systems of computer systems are also very easy, and some of the major issues related to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary contributions of the asean regional forum to indicate that there are major developments in the region.
 every day, the soldiers said that the items would be handed over to the same day.
 " in the case of the mpf system, the better the overall burden of the mpf system will be the case. "
 the committee was informed that the vehicles were replaced from the united nations assistance mission from united nations assistance in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often see the people of the people, such as the enemy, and the people's hearts of the people.
 the railway system is an important part in hong kong's transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, it is fully ensured that hong kong is a working class in hong kong.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use the procedure.
 " it's not to go to the new field, but it's not to go to the new areas.
 the result of the adjudication process will be released in july.
 johnson's works began to have more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today is a great question that the bill today has been implemented within this transitional period.
 after arriving at los angeles, shab was arrested on the 3 of the united states at los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, was briefed on the hong kong economy in 2003 and the future.
 the economy also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and production.
 some experts indicated that the number of experts indicated that the size of the problem has not been adequately reflected.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the need for different types of bricks in different areas.
 after 1978, the exchange rate system was long-standing in the exchange rate system, and a price of foreign exchange earners have become a market price.
 bishke has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundation has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to persuade young people to do so.
 some of the outcomes are as follows: in addition to religious books, studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's total revenue amounted to $ 101500, compared with 84% of $ 8255.
 these provisions should be used to discuss with the chinese side.
 non- currency items carried out by historical cost is based on the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have ranked 2 2 in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 in the wake of the incident, i know that the doctor of doctors also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the scheme to reflect the latest land use of the northeastern part of lantau island.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to that end, member states must pay their assessed contributions on time, full and unconditional payment.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind has been living in a continuing hot nuclear danger.
 he said, for resolving these problems, a cabinet commission was established with prime minister.
 it would also be necessary for the time to wait for the period 2003-04, the longer the time the time is to be done.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the behaviour is comparable to the seriousness of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 <unk> 2 <unk> a summary of the important accounting policy of these statements, as a summary of the financial statements, is a summary of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rains in the south-eastern part of the south-east of clouds.
 on behalf of the comoros and the people of the comoros, i would like to express my condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not carried out a plan that will lead to undp's confidence in undp.
 the bureau of 2000 consists of the vice-chairmen, the presidency of the two delegations of the two delegations of the state, mali, and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development to the right to development, plan, policies, policies and operational activities.
 at present, the vocational training council has conducted an average of about 70 examinations at a weekly 3000 examinations.
 upon the escape of the culprit, the victim came into the house of the employer and told him the incident.
 the administration has announced today's day.
 for example, murders have already been purchased in the 3 phase of phase iii, but it was very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
